How were you bound?
It was a trap.
I still don't know how he did it.
Bound me without magick.
[Billy] I know how people feel about her.
[Jen] She traded her kid
for the Book of the Damned.
They say no one knows
what happened to him.
Wait. Wanda and Vision have kids?
-Twins.
-What were their names?
Billy and Tommy.
I think they got sucked up
into that red bubble
like everything else Wanda made.
Don't you dare feel guilty
about your talent.
You saw an opportunity and you moved in.
-Tommy!
-You survived.
That's what kept you alive.
That's what makes you a witch.
[Billy] He's out there somewhere.
I can sense him. I just can't find him.
[grunts]
Don't you want me at my best?
So take my power.
That's cute.
But you know that would kill me.
[Lilia] Rio is Death.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
It's time to go.
Where?
That's it?
That's all the...
That's all the time I get?
[chuckles] If I had a nickel...
This can't be the end.
It has to be the beginning.
[Alice] I finally broke the curse.
I mean. I can really do something
with my life now.
You're a Protection Witch.
Yeah.
You died protecting someone.
You ready?
No.
[Jen] No! Lilia! Lilia!
No! Lilia!
Lilia! Lilia!
[Billy] What happened? Where is she?
-Inside. She stayed behind to...
-[wood creaking]
Lilia?
No. No.
No.
[Jen sobs]
-[♪ tense music playing]
-[breathing heavily]
Your coven is shrinking.
First Alice. now Lilia.
It's nice she took
the Salem Seven with her.
The bodies are really piling up.
Just like you promised.
Did you doubt me?
I did.
Yeah. Thought there'd be a trick
in there somewhere.
And there was.
You were distracting me from him.
You're a big girl.
I knew you'd figure it out eventually.
He is an abomination.
He is disrupting the sacred balance.
And I know how you feel about him.
Oh. please. I've known that kid
for two minutes.
I watch you. Agatha.
Just as closely
as you watch everyone else.
This walk with another woman's son
on a road
-that doesn't...
-Stop!
No one in history has had
special treatment like you.
You call what you did "special treatment"?
You gave me nothing.
You took.
And that's usually your move?
Why do you let them believe
those things about you. hmm?
About Nicky?
Because the truth is too awful.
[Billy] Lilia wanted to stay behind.
She chose it. You're sure?
Yeah. I'm sure.
She did it for us.
Rio.
Green Witch with a capital G.
She told us who she was
in the very beginning.
Green Craft is about the cycle
of all living things.
Growth and decay in constant flow.
It makes sense.
So Agatha's ex is Death.
That also makes sense.
Where is Agatha?
What he wants from The Road
is a violation.
Finding his brother?
It's borderline wasting The Road's time.
[Rio] His brother isn't out there.
Not yet. anyway.
What do you mean?
The son of the Scarlet Witch stole
a second life.
I can't let him do the same for his twin.
I have to take him.
[sighs] Then take him.
You can't.
If Billy is killed.
he'll reincarnate again.
and then you'll lose him.
You need him to...
turn himself in.
I can arrange that.
I can get him to the finish line
and deliver him to you.
In exchange for...
If I deliver Billy.
you let me go.
You will eventually die.
-Agatha.
-But I want you to stop pursuing me.
I want you to stop making my life hell.
And when I die.
a long. long. long.
long. long time from now.
I don't wanna see your face.
Okay.
I mean. how did they even meet?
Um. over corpses. I imagine.
More proof that Agatha has feelings.
That was your takeaway?
I do not understand your loyalty to her.
It's not loyalty. It's analysis.
Oh. look who grew up.
I'm fully aware that Agatha Harkness
can never be anything
but a coven-less witch.
[Agatha] Ouch!
Time to finish The Road.
One trial left until
the big score. [cackles]
Earth magick with no Green Witch.
We're back to square one.
Oh. there's plenty of overlap between
Earth and Potions. right. Jenny Kale?
-Some.
-[Agatha] Please.
Your last name is a vegetable. Worst kind.
It's like swallowing a doily.
I have to be honest. I'm surprised
you survived this long. Kale.
My money was on Lilia.
What fresh horrors await us!
It's the big finish. after all.
Get ready for fireworks!
Get ready for spectacle! Get ready for...
[groans]
Our shoes.
We're back where we started.
The Witches' Road is a circle.
And this is the finish line?
[gasps]
That's it?
[yells] That's it?
Well. maybe we passed the trial.
Then how exactly do we get off?
-Well. maybe we...
-If you don't know. then keep quiet!
[grunting in desperation]
We keep going.
What?
We go again. It'll work the second time.
There is absolutely zero chance
I'm going to endure that experience again.
Fine! Stay here!
What are you gonna do? Have them bronzed?
We took them off
out of respect for The Road.
Screw The Road.
Hello?
Hello! Hello!
What in the...
-Ugh!
-The shoes.
[yelps] Help! What is this?
-Let me out!
-Don't steal her struggle.
Let me out! [gasps]
Where are we?
Uh... Oh. My basement. Give or take.
We are?
There's not much of an earth vibe in here.
No place like home.
[Jen] It's sealed.
These are grow lights.
Are we supposed to grow something?
In a place with no soil or water?
It certainly has the irritating sting
of a Witches' Road trial.
But we do have our personal effects.
[sighs in relief] That's better.
It's worthless.
Well. The Road agrees.
And now we have our countdown.
You seem relaxed.
Usually at this point
you're either complaining loudly
or freaking out loudly.
I'm thinking.
Oh. About what?
How to save your ass.
Pardon?
I couldn't save Lilia.
I didn't even try to save Alice.
I'll be damned
if I let you two idiots die.
Wow. Such purpose.
How are you gonna do that
without any magick?
[Billy] She saved my life.
She saved you from poisoning.
All while bound.
Maybe you don't need it.
Well. if that's true. that means
I've wasted the last century of my life.
That doctor in Boston didn't take
anything from me.
I gave it up.
Agatha?
[Agatha] Nothing.
What?
No. I just never knew
you ever passed through there. That's all.
Are you the one who bound me?
I don't know.
-What?
-You nonstop sociopath!
-[scoffs]
-You're the one who bound her?
You kept me like this for 100 years?
I didn't know it was you!
It was the 1920s.
I did the odd spell for bank notes.
I don't know. The patriarchy
really shelled out to shush a lady.
It was bind or burn!
One hundred years!
This is so awkward.
Ow! Oh. God! Jen. that is my hair!
Why are you doing this right...
Look at where we are. Jen!
The unbinding ritual.
I deny your power over me.
Attagirl. Good for you.
-Agatha.
-You hold nothing.
Say it like you mean it. though. Jen.
You hold nothing.
-Yeah. well...
-You hold nothing.
You hold nothing.
You hold nothing. You hold nothing.
You hold nothing. You hold...
nothing.
[gasps]
[sobbing]
What happened? Where did she go?
She was just there. Agatha?
The Road gave her what she was missing.
And now she's gone.
This can end right here. right now.
I came here for power. You have power.
Juice me up.
So you get what you're missing
and I'm left here to rot?
Or worse. You take all my power.
-I wouldn't.
-Liar!
-I won't.
-Liar.
-Sit down.
-Why?
We're gonna find your brother.
What?
That's what you want. right?
Tommy isn't waiting out there.
Not in a body. anyway.
That's what got Rio in such a tizzy.
She knows you could do it for him.
Do what?
Give him another life!
Another spin around the dance floor.
You think I can bring him back?
I don't know how I did it.
You never do.
Time to grow up.
[smacks floor]
Close your eyes.
Your last moments with Tommy.
-Tell me.
-I don't remember anything.
You do.
It's there. Try.
You were ten. You lived in Westview.
You and your brother.
[Vision] Your mother and I...
are very proud of you both.
[Wanda] Boys. thanks for choosing me
to be your mom.
I was...
about to fall asleep.
I realize I'm breathing
at the same time as Tommy.
He's not snoring. but...
It's heavy enough to listen to.
It's nice.
That feeling
when your body knows it's safe.
Breathe with him.
[breathes deeply]
Breathe.
The sound of him.
It stops because everything else does.
It's your mother folding her world.
That's okay. It's okay.
[Vision] We have said goodbye before.
so it stands to reason...
We'll say hello again.
You keep breathing.
Even if you can't hear him.
you don't have to open your eyes
to know how close he is.
Breathing together.
You breathe for yourself.
You breathe for him.
You breathe for everything he is.
You hold it all inside of you.
But it can't stay there.
The memories. The feelings.
You can't keep them.
Keep your eyes closed no matter what.
You can't keep him.
-So where does he go?
-I don't know!
Find him a place.
It's black. There's nothing.
He floats. He looks down.
-What does he see?
-[panting] He's afraid.
But he has you with him now.
I can't find a place.
Don't give me that.
120 bodies empty out every minute.
Find one.
It's underwater! There's a boy.
It's a prank. They tricked him.
He's gonna drown.
-It's a bad place.
-It usually is.
And the people. the family. there's no one
to love him! He's got no one!
Agatha. am I killing this boy
so my brother can live?
[screams]
No. Billy.
Sometimes...
boys die.
[♪ melancholy music playing]
Out of death. life...
Okay.
No. No.
No. I need more time. I need more time!
Please.
[whimpers and sobs]
[exclaims excitedly]
There.
[machinery cranking]
[gasps and screams]
Let me out! Let me out!
I played by your rules
and I passed the last trial!
Get me off The Road!
[door opening]
[Rio cackles]
Congratulations. my love! [cackles]
I'm sorry I didn't have a ribbon
for you to run through.
Where is it?
I want my prize!
So do I.
I got you the kid out. as agreed!
And he's now where?
He was supposed to surrender himself.
That means you're coming with me.
I'm thinking death by a thousand cuts!
[Agatha screams]
[Rio cackles]
Oh.
Is it happening again?
I don't know.
Fire phase.
[chanting in Latin]
Expel this evil.
You're calling me "evil"?
I am the natural order
of all things. baby.
And you love me.
[blows]
You are a coward!
"When she calls you a coward.
hit the deck."
-[grunts]
-Why don't you want me?
-[thunder rumbles]
-[grunts]
[Agatha screams]
Huh?
[groans]
[chanting in Latin]
[grunts]
You look good.
You don't.
Don't take it all.
[gasps]
[cackles]
It feels so good.
Looks like you two are finally
on the same page.
So I'll let you decide.
One of you stays with me.
The other walks free.
-[Rio] Power looks good on you.
-[Billy groans]
[Agatha] Honey.
everything looks good on me.
[Rio] Seems like you're having fun.
[Agatha] Who. me? [cackles]
This is futile.
You know it.
We can't fight Death.
It should be me.
No.
You're not bad.
Neither are you.
You're the only one who thinks so.
[whooshing]
I'll go with you!
That's my choice. Take me.
-Take him.
-What?
You heard him. The boy.
As promised.
-[chuckles]
-It's over.
Now. put my yard back.
Why don't you plant a few azaleas
on your way out?
But...
-I thought you were...
-What can I say?
I'm a coven-less witch. [chuckles]
[Billy] Agatha. Agatha.
Agatha.
I know you can hear me.
Is this how Nicky died?
[Rio] You may go.
[Rebecca] William? William. Oh. my God.
-Are you all right? Where've you been?
-[Jeff] Is he home?
-Yes. he's home!
-[Jeff] William.
-Why are you bleeding?
-I'm fine.
-[Rebecca] Look at your face!
You've been gone for 24 hours.
What happened?
[Billy] Take me to the Witches' Road!
The Witches' Road doesn't exist.
-You're lying.
-Am I?
[Billy] It's exactly how I pictured it.
[Agatha] It suits you.
I didn't think you had it in you.
You didn't think who had what in them?
[Lilia] You are the Magician.
You have enormous potential
and the ability to turn
all of your goals into reality.
Wait.
[Jen] Now. this is a house.
[Agatha] Right off your vision board.
Even with the sigil in the way.
you and your mother have the same tell.
-[Billy] Which is?
-Very inconvenient for you.
Wait. wait. wait.
[Agatha] Gosh. you really are a Maximoff.
Otherwise. none of this would be
nearly as dramatic.
You're so much like your mother.
It was me.
[Disembodied Voice cackles]
-[Disembodied Voice] Boo!
-[yelps]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm